IANA updates. Fixes #99. (#101)
tlswg/dtls-conn-id: draft-ietf-tls-dtls-connection-id.md

#  IANA Considerations

This document requests three actions by IANA.

## Extra Column to TLS ExtensionType Values Registry

IANA is requested to add an extra column named "DTLS-Only" to the
"TLS ExtensionType Values" registry to indicate whether an extension is only
applicable to DTLS and to include this document as an additional reference

> for the registry.

Reviewer: IIRC in the thread with IANA we did state the expectations for how this column is populated (Y and N), so I think it's okay to not say more here.

IANA is requested to allocate an entry to the existing "TLS ExtensionType
Values" registry, for connection_id(TBD1) as described

> in the table below. Although there is an early allocation, it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in the table below. Although the value 53 has been allocated by early allocation for a previous version of this document, it
```
